README.md, before:

# Hueman
#### Probably the most beautiful theme for Hexo. [Preview](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/)

![Hueman](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/screenshot.jpg "")

> This theme is ported from [AlxMedia](https://github.com/AlxMedia)'s the WordPress theme [Hueman](https://github.com/AlxMedia/hueman).

> Special thanks to [AlxMedia](https://github.com/AlxMedia), who designed the original theme [Hueman](https://github.com/AlxMedia/hueman) for wordpress.

#### [View Documentation](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-hueman/wiki)
:star: It is strongly recommended that you read the docs before using Hueman.

## Features

### Responsive Layout

Hueman knows on what screen size you are browsering the website, and reorganize the layout to fit your device.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/responsive.jpg "")

### Categories inside Main Menu

Hueman inserts your blog categories into main menu in the header section. You can enable/disable this feature in `menu` setting.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/main-menu.jpg "")

### Self-hosted Insite Search Engine
With the help of [Insight Search](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-hueman/wiki/Search#insight-search), you can search anything inside your site without any third-party plugin.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/insight-search.png "")

### Custom Comment Services
Hueman supports several comment services, give you better choices to communicate with your readers.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/custom-comments.png "")

### Thumbnail

Hueman uses the `thumbnail` [front-matter](https://hexo.io/docs/front-matter.html) option to set the thumbnail for a post. If the post does not have a `thumbnail` option, Hueman will find the first image in the post as the thumbnail. You can enable/disable this feature in `thumbnail` setting.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/thumbnail.jpg "")

### Code Highlight
Hueman has more than 60 themes imported from [Highlight.js](https://github.com/isagalaev/highlight.js), and it is very easy to customize your own highlight theme.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/code-highlight.png "")

### lightgallery

Hueman uses [lightgallery.js](https://sachinchoolur.github.io/lightgallery.js/) to showcase your photos. Just enable it in your configuration, and that's all!

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/lightgallery.jpg "")

### Sidebar

Hueman provides 6 built-in widgets:

- recent_posts
- category
- archives
- tag
- tagcloud
- links

All of them are enabled by default. You can edit them in `widget` setting.

### And so many new features to be explored...
[View Documentation](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-hueman/wiki)

Commit message:

Add Google Adsense widget (#264)
* Add Google Adsense widget

* Translate the sponsored header of the adsense widget

README.md, after:

# Hueman

> Probably the most beautiful theme for Hexo. [Preview](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/)

![Hueman](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/screenshot.jpg "")

> This theme is ported from [AlxMedia](https://github.com/AlxMedia)'s the WordPress theme [Hueman](https://github.com/AlxMedia/hueman).
> Special thanks to [AlxMedia](https://github.com/AlxMedia), who designed the original theme [Hueman](https://github.com/AlxMedia/hueman) for wordpress.

**[View Documentation](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-hueman/wiki)**

:star: It is strongly recommended that you read the docs before using Hueman.

## Features

### Responsive Layout

Hueman knows on what screen size you are browsering the website, and reorganize the layout to fit your device.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/responsive.jpg "")

### Categories inside Main Menu

Hueman inserts your blog categories into main menu in the header section. You can enable/disable this feature in `menu` setting.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/main-menu.jpg "")

### Self-hosted Insite Search Engine

With the help of [Insight Search](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-hueman/wiki/Search#insight-search), you can search anything inside your site without any third-party plugin.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/insight-search.png "")

### Custom Comment Services

Hueman supports several comment services, give you better choices to communicate with your readers.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/custom-comments.png "")

### Thumbnail

Hueman uses the `thumbnail` [front-matter](https://hexo.io/docs/front-matter.html) option to set the thumbnail for a post. If the post does not have a `thumbnail` option, Hueman will find the first image in the post as the thumbnail. You can enable/disable this feature in `thumbnail` setting.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/thumbnail.jpg "")

### Code Highlight

Hueman has more than 60 themes imported from [Highlight.js](https://github.com/isagalaev/highlight.js), and it is very easy to customize your own highlight theme.

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/code-highlight.png "")

### lightgallery

Hueman uses [lightgallery.js](https://sachinchoolur.github.io/lightgallery.js/) to showcase your photos. Just enable it in your configuration, and that's all!

![](http://ppoffice.github.io/hexo-theme-hueman/gallery/lightgallery.jpg "")

### Sidebar

Hueman provides 9 built-in widgets:

- archives
- catalog
- category
- google_adsense
- links
- recent_posts
- sticky_posts
- tag
- tagcloud

All of them are enabled by default. You can edit them in `widget` setting.

### And so many new features to be explored

[View Documentation](https://github.com/ppoffice/hexo-theme-hueman/wiki)
